happy Monday sisters I thought I would
just give you a quick motivational video
very candid no makeup just to show you
what I was up to this morning I usually
recommend prepping your foods on Sunday
and I didn't get around to it yesterday
we were out of everything so I went to
the gym early this morning went straight
to the grocery store all sweaty and
everything but I wanted to come home and
start prepping our food for the week and
get that over with I cannot tell you how
important it is to prep for the week
ahead it will not only make you feel
good because you have foods prepared
nutritious foods but it also helps with
your sanity because I think for moms
especially just prepping your meals and
and figuring out what to cook for the
kids for dinner and prepping lunches and
things like that you kind of forget
about yourself and that's what I was
talking about in the last motivational
videos a lot of moms either skip meals
or they drink a Red Bull to give them
just kind of quick energy and it's just
so bad for you ladies okay what I'm
doing right now is making my probably
fourth or fifth pot of that detox soup
if you follow the blog sanctuary of
style dotnet after the holidays I found
an amazing recipe for this detox soup
and it's full of all kinds of vegetables
tons of antioxidants and I am going to
actually make this pot of soup
year-round I want it in the fridge at
all times it has been our go-to meal and
I've altered it a little bit I'm having
fun with it but keeping you know with
the beans the sweet potatoes the celery
spinach all of those fat burning
vegetables but I'm playing around with
the spices and things like that but we
are loving it and my energy has gone
through the roof so I know many of you
have tweeted that you've tried it and
you love it
so keep it up and those
you haven't tried it please true you may
not cook it's easy it's chopped up a few
vegetables and throw it in a pot it's no
big deal
you will thank me seriously
but it's easy he's got the finished
carrots sweet potatoes I've actually
started adding yellow squash more
vegetables better right and I'm from
Texas everything is better with root
tail
so instead of just regular stewed
tomatoes or diced tomatoes i've been
using Rotel just to kind of give it more
Southwest spicy flavor and this is
making it amazing coconut oil I've been
adding like two to three tablespoons and
it just gives it a really rich flavor
and I'm trying to add this two more
recipes just because it's so medicinal
is so good for you and I just start with
my veggie broth and garlic I'm going to
do the onions next and so yummy love it
and it lasts us all week okay and the
other thing that my energy levels
I admit last year it's my kale smoothies
I was not diligent last year with my
kale smoothies I would do my protein
shakes with without really anything else
just maybe being lazy and I've been
doing all of this the soup and the kale
smoothies I think since the last week of
December so I'm going on a month and
ladies just do it okay on you my energy
is crazy
I feel so much better and the other
thing I'm really excited about is I
found a new protein powder that is vegan
it's made with peep out err and that's
by nature aid and I'm still researching
this one's really flavorful it tastes
good
there's tons of really good ones out
there I have to admit I have not been
diligent with my protein powders I've
been grabbing whatever was at Trader
Joe's not really read
the back which is not good these days
and I love this it's non-gmo it has the
pea protein instead of any milk or dairy
proteins
it's got probiotics green powder just so
my bro Omega all the vitamins all this
kind of stuff amazing so again it's all
about prepping women always say they
don't have enough time so put it in the
schedule make yourself a priority with
the food's prepping keeping some chicken
breast cooked at all times
we've been going you know the tuna
canned tuna so iffy these days
Whole Foods has pre-made tuna that is so
awesome I actually have to go by there
later but keeping a big thing a tuna
fish grab some rice crackers
I've got fruit prep prep prep I cannot
emphasize how important it is and then
you don't have any excuses there's no
excuses ladies when we feel good we go
out into the world and do good I love
feeling energetic I love having clarity
I you know that feeling when your blood
sugar is off and you haven't eaten and
you're sluggish or you might have had
that Red Bull and then you crash and you
kind of dip and you get sluggish and you
feel like you need another Red Bull
you're not thinking straight you feel a
little bit depressed it kind of this
little dark cloud comes over you that's
why I always talk about eating small
meals all through the day
you're constantly filling up the tank it
is all about keeping your energy up keep
your energy up
you got that sparkle then you can dress
it up on the outside and
you are gonna go into 2015 live and
bigger shine and brighter like I spoke
about last time so if you didn't catch
the recipe hop over to the blog it is
one of December's posts it's very easy
super yummy and I know you're gonna love
it so I gotta get to cooking because I'm
starving
hope you guys have a great week make a
comment let me know if you have made the
soup or if you have a great kill
smoothie recipe share it with us see you
next time